can I ask you something what took you so
long to respond to me I don't feel like
being alone not tonight
she turns a tender I made you pick me
I liked your picture you have this sad
look on your face I felt sorry for you
thank you made a playlist that's the key
on going through my phone so what
happens to me you're gonna drop me off
and then you'll go home I guess oh did
you think we were gonna have sex you
failed to execute a turn signal back
there oh my bad
step out of the vehicle can I ask why
officer no you may not
J'son going round now are you serious
what does the guy want me to died I
messed up he's playing I don't think
that's what he wanted hey is this y'all
we have to go now it's all over the news
I support what y'all doing it was
self-defense
oh really in the black money Clara
please I'll run the police we hide in
plain sight you ladies I don't know yet
don't worry you're safe here
it's an honor to meet y'all y'all really
gave us something to believe in
I'm tired of playing the same I want a
ride or die
as long as my lady remembers me finally
it's all I need
thank you for this journey no matter how
it is
[Music]